Release docs 2.9 (#177)
openmsupply/msupply_docs: content/docs/dispensary/patients/index.md

Clicking on the matching patient will re-direct you to the patient's details page.

> However, if you have no matching patients or if you wish to create a new patient with the same details as an existing patient, you can click the `Create new patient` button to be continue to the patient's details page where you can create the patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no matching patients are found, or if you want to create a new patient using similar details to an existing one, click the `Create new patient` button to continue to the patient details page and complete the setup.
```

> Then click the `Save` button at the bottom of the page to create the patient.

Reviewer: Then, click the `Save` button at the bottom of the page to create the patient.
